README.md, before:

[![Header](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26179993/125299158-8267f900-e346-11eb-93e8-d13af79e7d8e.jpg)](https://rawrapter.github.io/portfolio/)
## 😎 Introduction
- 👋 Hi, I’m Anant Arun
- 🏍 Passionate Analyst organizing data so that it makes sense and is rewarding for everyone!!
- 👀 I’m interested in Data Analysis and DevOps.
- 🏥 I have 3 year experience as Analyst in Wipro.
- 🎟 You can check my [Certificates](https://github.com/RawRapter/RawRapter/tree/main/Certificates) here.

## 🔧 Tools and Technology
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux-informational?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Windows-informational?style=flat&logo=Windows&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-VSCode-informational?style=flat&logo=VisualStudioCode&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-Jupyter-informational?style=flat&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=Python&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-C++-informational?style=flat&logo=C++&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-SQLite-informational?style=flat&logo=SQLite&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-MySQL-informational?style=flat&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Tableau-informational?style=flat&logo=Tableau&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-MicrosoftExcel-informational?style=flat&logo=MicrosoftExcel&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-LibreCalc-informational?style=flat&logo=LibreOffice&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)

## 🐍 Python Libraries
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-informational?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-informational?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Matplotlib-informational?style=flat&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Seaborn-informational?style=flat&logo=Seaborn&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Plotly-informational?style=flat&logo=plotly&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-cufflinks-informational?style=flat&logo=cufflinks&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tkinter-informational?style=flat&logo=Tkinter&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)




## 📖 Stats
<p align="left"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=RawRapter&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="RawRapter" /></p>
<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/?username=RawRapter&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="RawRapter" /></p>


## 📫 Get In Touch
[<img height="30" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/>](mailto:anant.arun92@gmail.com)
[<img height="30" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-blue.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anantarun/)
[<img height="30" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" />](https://twitter.com/AnantArun4)
 
<!---![Anant's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RawRapter&show_icons=true) 
&hide=stars,commits,prs,issues,contribs--->

<!---
RawRapter/RawRapter is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Intro and Python Lib updated 12/30
M.tech detail and Python Libraries - statsmodels and Sklearn added.

README.md, after:

[![Header](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26179993/125299158-8267f900-e346-11eb-93e8-d13af79e7d8e.jpg)](https://rawrapter.github.io/portfolio/)
## 😎 Introduction
- 👋 Hi, I’m Anant Arun
- 🏍 Passionate Analyst organizing data so that it makes sense and is rewarding for everyone!!
- 📖 Pursuing M.Tech from Punjab Engineering College in Computer Science.
- 👀 I’m interested in Data Analysis and DevOps.
- 🏥 I have almost 3 year of experience as an Analyst in Wipro.
- 🎟 You can check my [Certificates](https://github.com/RawRapter/RawRapter/tree/main/Certificates) here.

## 🔧 Tools and Technology
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux-informational?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Windows-informational?style=flat&logo=Windows&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-VSCode-informational?style=flat&logo=VisualStudioCode&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-Jupyter-informational?style=flat&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=Python&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-C++-informational?style=flat&logo=C++&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-SQLite-informational?style=flat&logo=SQLite&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-MySQL-informational?style=flat&logo=MySQL&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Tableau-informational?style=flat&logo=Tableau&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-MicrosoftExcel-informational?style=flat&logo=MicrosoftExcel&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-LibreCalc-informational?style=flat&logo=LibreOffice&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)

## 🐍 Python Libraries I have worked on..
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-NumPy-informational?style=flat&logo=numpy&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Pandas-informational?style=flat&logo=pandas&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Matplotlib-informational?style=flat&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Seaborn-informational?style=flat&logo=Seaborn&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-statsmodels-informational?style=flat&logo=statsmodels&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-sklearn-informational?style=flat&logo=sklearn&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Plotly-informational?style=flat&logo=plotly&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-cufflinks-informational?style=flat&logo=cufflinks&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tkinter-informational?style=flat&logo=Tkinter&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)




## 📖 Stats
<p align="left"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=RawRapter&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="RawRapter" /></p>
<p><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/?username=RawRapter&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="RawRapter" /></p>


## 📫 Get In Touch
[<img height="30" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/>](mailto:anant.arun92@gmail.com)
[<img height="30" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-blue.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anantarun/)
[<img height="30" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" />](https://twitter.com/AnantArun4)
 
<!---![Anant's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=RawRapter&show_icons=true) 
&hide=stars,commits,prs,issues,contribs--->

<!---
RawRapter/RawRapter is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
